So I just showed you how to do
a multistage build with a Node.js
application, right?
So what I'm gonna have you do now is I'm
gonna have you do a multistage build with
like a static website.
This one down here that's
called Static Assets Project.
So, here's all the instructions and
then if you see right here to scroll
down to see my answer, I just feel like
a big space if you scroll all the way
down here it will show you the answer.
It's also in that GitHub repo
that I showed you earlier.
So how many of you are familiar
with Create React App?
Imagine many of you, right, if not there's
a great coarse in Frontend Masters
that's called the complete
intro to React version five.
All right, you don't have to do
any of the React parts of it.
We are just gonna do Create React App
to scuffle out a project for you.
So, let's actually just go ahead and
get started.
Like I'll get you up and
running with the React portion of this and
then I'll leave you to build
the actual Docker file.
See, the idea here is that we're
gonna create a Create React App.
We're gonna build that into
a built project, right?
And then we're gonna copy all those
files into an Nginx container and
the Nginx container is gonna serve all
of our static assets for us, Okay?
So let's go ahead, I'm gonna just
copy this cuz it's really long.
Npx, this is gonna run create-react-app.
They recently like probably last week,
changed how create-react-app works so
I had to totally change this.
It's a good thing I tried this last night.
[LAUGH] Cuz that would have
been real embarrassing,
the React teacher doesn't
know shit about React.
I mean, might be true, who knows.
All right, so we're gonna go back in,
what are you doing?
Stop that.
All right, so I'm here in my
intro-to-containers project, right?
I'm gonna run that command
that I said in there,
which is gonna run it off of npm directly.
It's gonna run create-react-app.
It's gonna create a project
called static-assets-project.
And it's gonna be the typescript
version and we're not confused yarn.
Why are we gonna use TypeScript?
It's another ploy for me to get you
to use more Microsoft products.
Actually, I just wanna show you like
as involved as a build process as
possible, right?
And that doesn't actually really matter.
So this will take a couple
minutes to get everything set up.
If you get a note that says, you don't
have a template associated with your
project or something like that, which is
what I was seeing when I was doing this
last night, uninstall your global
installation of create-react-app.
That's what eventually solved it for me.
This ignore existing,
hopefully should sidestep that for
you, But if it doesn't, that's how
I was eventually solved problem.
Okay, this will take maybe, I'm gonna
guess like 30 more seconds to get through.
So, this is gonna go install a React
project that uses TypeScript.
And then just for fun, you and
I are gonna go put in SAS as well just
to have like a bunch of dependencies.
So you'll see here my notes,
I have this where it says optional.
I'm gonna do this but you could totally
skip this if you're not feeling it or
something breaks for you.
But the reason why I'm putting this in
there is if you run the node modules and
the npm install locally, this will break
when you copy it in the container.
Cuz it'll build it for Mac or for
Windows and it won't build it for Linux,
unless you're on Linux then I don't
know how to break a computer.
I could try.
What is going on here?
Well, that's nice of you.
All right, there we go, happy hacking.
So now if we go into
the static-assets-project, You'll
see here you have a relatively
full project here.
The first thing I want you to do is
I want you to create a dockerignore.
And let's open and edit that dockerignore
file cuz that won't come by default.
Inside of here, So
you can also just come in here and
say New File, dockerignore, right?
We're gonna ignore .git directories and
we're gonna ignore node_module
directories and we'll also ignore,
Yeah, anyway, that's fine.
There might be a cache in here as well.
No, I don't think there is.
Anyway, So we'll do that first, okay?
The next thing I want you to go in
here is I want you to say npm install.
This is the optional part, node-sass.
And then while that's doing that,
we're gonna come in here and
we're going to rename our source file.
So there's App.css,
just right click on that and say rename.
And just put an s in front of the css.
So this is not a SASS class,
I'm not teaching you any SASS.
I'm not even necessarily
endorsing the use of SASS, right?
I don't use it myself anymore.
But, all css is valid SASS or
valid scss, right, so
that's why you're able to just change it
without changing anything inside of it.
So we name both of these to be s.css.
And then in two places
you need to go change.
So, App.tsx, just change that to scss.
They're on line 3, and then on index.tsx,
same thing here scss, okay?
So now we have a SASSified project as
well, so it's TypeScript, it's SASS so
there's a lot of dependencies
flying around here, right?
So just to make sure
that everything works,
we're gonna say npm run start,
I think is what it is.
And our project should start
locally in the development mode.
I might still have something
running on port 3,000, To start.
There we go, there you go.
So, pretty vanilla node project here,
right, or not node, but React.
Little did you know this is actually
the complete intro to React v6 and
we're starting now, just kidding.
That would be an intense course,
containers all the way to
React back to containers.
Challenge accepted.
That's all you need to know about React
for this particular piece of the course.
So go ahead and stop that server.
So the way that you build this project is
you're gonna say npm run build, right?
This is a note to take cuz it's probably
gonna go into your Dockerfile, right?
And this'll go through and
this'll actually build everything out into
a directory, so it's creating
an optimized production build, right?
So this is gonna generate all of your
index.html, your CSS's, your JavaScripts.
And so now we have this build directory.
So if you look inside of your
build directory, you can see here,
it's got a favicon, it's got a manifest,
it's got a bunch of stuff in here, right?
Then the key here being that
you have a static directory
build/, Static.
You can see there's the CSS,
there's JS, there's media, right?
Suffice to say, if you copy
the entire build directory across,
that's gonna be your
finally built project.
So as such,
I want you to go into your dockerignore,
Inside of your stochastics project.
And we're gonna add one more line
here to our dockerignore and
that is going to be, Built, like that.
So that we won't accidentally
copy like a pre-built project.
Okay, so at this point, this is where
I'm gonna leave you to do the project.
So what you're gonna need to do is you're
gonna have a multi-stage build, right?
And you're gonna go and
you're going to copy in the project,
you're gonna build the project, right?
And then,
you're gonna take that output and
you're gonna copy it into
a Nginx container, right?
So the container that I want you to use,
if we come back here,
I mean it's anything in here.
You can do Nginx latest,
you can do alpine.
I think I have it so you can use Nginx
117, which I believe is the latest.
So if you wanna tie it to a proper version
like I've been telling to do I think
117 is the correct one.
Let me just triple check that that's the
correct, cuz I have it written out here.
The correct version is NGINX 1.17.
So this is the one that I
want you to use right there.
Okay, and then, so
there's a very specific place that you
have to copy it, Which is here.
So copy the build files
to user/share/nginx/html,
everything goes into that directory,
right?
And then don't modify the CMD, because
Nginx knows how to start itself and so
you don't wanna overwrite that.
So if you just copy everything into this
correct directory Nginx will take care of
the rest for you.